[MUSIC]
[SOUND]
So
in previous courses, actually in this
specialization we've talked about
using say the Arduino to connect
the sensors and actuators.
And the Raspberry Pi can do all of that
too, can do almost the same things but
because Raspberry Pi has
Linux running on it,
it has a lot more
capabilities in those terms.
So not that you can't do
these things in Arduino,
but some things are a lot easier
given an operating system.
The operating system can handle
some of the heavy work for you.
And make it easier for you as a programmer
to interact with some of these sensors and
actuators.
What we're going to do in this
module is talk more about
two examples of more
interesting sensors and
actuators that you can interact
with on the Raspberry Pi.
We'll talk about the Raspberry Pi camera
module and how you interact with that.
And also how you interact with servos.
We'll talk about pulse with
modulation interface in general, and
we'll give a servo example and say look,
here's how you can control these servos
using pulse with modulation
on the Raspberry Pi.
Thank you.
[MUSIC]